Added warnings about namespaces for categories where wasn't showen (#103)
LoneDev6/Wiki-ItemsAdder: faq/identify-why-textures-are-not-shown.md

## How to read the CLIENT logs (not SERVER)

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Always use Vanilla client when is something broken for debug.\
> This log can be often asked from support and for them is easier\
> to find a solution in not-bloated log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use the Vanilla client when something is broken.\
The log provided by the game will often be asked from support when necessary.\
A non-bloated log is better for supporting you, and finding a solution easily.\
```
